Update 10.blackbox.md (#230)
Benjamin-Lee/deep-rules: content/10.blackbox.md

Logistic regression and decision tree models are generally considered interpretable, while deep neural networks are often considered among the most difficult to interpret because they can have many parameters and non-linear relationships. 

Model interpretability is particularly important in biomedicine, where subsequent decision making often requires human input.

> For example, while prediction rules can be derived from high-throughput molecular datasets, most affordable clinical tests rely on lower dimensional measurements of a limited number of biomarkers. Many authors attribute a lower uptake of DL tools in healthcare to interpretability challenges [@doi:10.1109/JBHI.2016.2636665; @doi:10.1038/s41551-018-0315-x]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, while prediction rules can be derived from high-throughput molecular datasets, most affordable clinical tests rely on lower dimensional measurements of a limited number of biomarkers.
Selecting those biomarkers to support decision making is an important modeling and interpretation challenge.
Many authors attribute a lower uptake of DL tools in healthcare to interpretability challenges [@doi:10.1109/JBHI.2016.2636665; @doi:10.1038/s41551-018-0315-x]. 
```

Reviewer 2: Good suggestion on the transition @cgreene

A challenge in considering this tradeoff is that the extent to which one trades interpretability for accuracy depends on the problem itself.
When the features provided to the model are already highly relevant to the task at hand, a simpler, interpretable model that gives up only a little performance when compared to a very complex one more useful in many settings.
On the other hand, if features must be combined in complex ways to be meaningful for the task, the performance difference of a model capable of capturing that structure may outweigh the interpretability costs.

> An appropriate choice can only be made after careful consideration, which often includes estimating the performance of a simple, linear model that serves as a [baseline](#baselines). In cases where models are learned from high-throughput datasets, a small subset of features in the dataset may be strongly correlated with the complex combination of the larger feature set defined from the deep learning model. In this case, this more limited number of features can themselves be used in the subsequent simplified model to further enhance intepretability of the model.  This feature reduction can be essential to defining  biomarkers to enable clinical applications of deep learning models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An appropriate choice can only be made after careful consideration, which often includes estimating the performance of a simple, linear model that serves as a [baseline](#baselines).
In cases where models are learned from high-throughput datasets, a small subset of features in the dataset may be strongly correlated with the complex combination of the larger feature set defined from the deep learning model.
In this case, this more limited number of features can themselves be used in the subsequent simplified model to further enhance interpretability of the model.
This feature reduction can be essential to defining biomarker panels that enable clinical applications.
```
